Hi there! This the solution to exercise 39.
And in this exercise you were asked to fix this script so that it prints of cosine of angle one
radiant. Unfortunately the script is not printing that out.
Instead it says there is an attribute error and then the explanation is saying that the module math has no
no attribute cosine.
And unfortunately Python isn't that smart as to say that cosine hey it's not the attribute you want to use to calculate
the cosine.
You need to use this attribute.
So you need to figure out by yourself or ask you what you need to use to calculate the cosine
of one radiant. And to do that
I wold
Want to open a Python session, interactive Python session. Import math and then I'll quickly look what methods
the math module has.
So you can have a quick look in here. Acos, acosh, asin.
Maybe this one.
So maybe I want to use that method.
But you can ask for help.
Math.cos.
I can see that
it says this returns the cosine of X measured in radiants.
So you pass radiant there. Cos like that.
Save the script, exit Python.
39 and yeah, this time you get the correct value.
So that's how you'd fix this script.
But if you of do it like that, then you do want to do some google search to see how to find the cosine
of a number in Python. That's the solution.
The explanation for this exercise.
Thanks a lot.
See you later.